Enhance Docker workflow (#7390)
github/docs: content/actions/guides/publishing-docker-images.md

on:
  release:
    types: [published]

jobs:
  push_to_registry:
    name: Push Docker image to Docker Hub
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check out the repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      
      - name: Log in to Docker Hub
        uses: docker/login-action@v1
        with:
          username: {% raw %}${{ secrets.DOCKER_USERNAME }}{% endraw %}
          password: {% raw %}${{ secrets.DOCKER_PASSWORD }}{% endraw %}
      
      - name: Extract metadata (tags, labels) for Docker
        id: meta
        uses: docker/metadata-action@v3
        with:
          images: my-docker-hub-namespace/my-docker-hub-repository
      
      - name: Build and push Docker image
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v2
        with:
          context: .
          push: true

>           tags: ${{ steps.meta.outputs.tags }}
>           labels: ${{ steps.meta.outputs.labels }}

Reviewer: escaping the tags so that the YAML renders properly
```suggestion
          tags: {% raw %}${{ steps.meta.outputs.tags }}{% endraw %}
          labels: {% raw %}${{ steps.meta.outputs.labels }}{% endraw %}
```

          username: {% raw %}${{ github.actor }}{% endraw %}
          password: {% raw %}${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}{% endraw %}
      
      - name: Extract metadata (tags, labels) for Docker
        id: meta
        uses: docker/metadata-action@v3
        with:
          images: |
            my-docker-hub-namespace/my-docker-hub-repository
            {% ifversion fpt %}ghcr.io/{% raw %}${{ github.repository }}{% endraw %}{% elsif ghae %}{% raw %}docker.YOUR-HOSTNAME.com/${{ github.repository }}/my-image{% endraw %}{% else %}{% raw %}docker.pkg.github.com/${{ github.repository }}/my-image{% endraw %}{% endif %}
      
      - name: Build and push Docker images
        uses: docker/build-push-action@v2
        with:
          context: .
          push: true
          tags: {% raw %}${{ steps.meta.outputs.tags }}{% endraw %}
          labels: {% raw %}${{ steps.meta.outputs.labels }}{% endraw %}
```

The above workflow checks out the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} repository, uses the `login-action` twice to log in to both registries and generates tags and labels with the `metadata-action` action.

> Then the `build-push-action` action build and push the Docker images for both Docker Hub and {% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %}.

Reviewer: Versioning 
```suggestion
Then the `build-push-action` action builds and pushes the Docker image to Docker Hub and the {% ifversion fpt %}{% data variables.product.prodname_container_registry %}{% else %}Docker registry{% endif %}.
```
